Update glossary.md (#2357)
davidkpiano/xstate: docs/about/glossary.md

## Transition

A transition is a description of which target [state(s)](#state) and [actions](#action) a state machine will immediately be in when a specific [event](#event) is taken in the transition's source state.

## Visual formalism

> A visual formalism is an exact language (like a programming language) that primarily uses visual symbols (states, transitions, etc.) instead of only code or text. State machines and statecharts are visual formalisms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A visual formalism is a mathematically rigorous language (like a programming language) that primarily uses visual symbols (states, transitions, etc.) instead of only code or text. State diagrams and statecharts are visual formalisms.
```
